known_name:                Name
abbr:                      Abbr
position:                  Pos
price:                     Cost
played:                    App
mins_played:               Mins
touches_in_opp_box:        TchIn
total_scoring_att:         S
ontarget_scoring_att:      OT
total_scoring_att_ibox:    In
att_hd_total:              Hd
big_chance:                BC
goals:                     G
big_chance_scored:         GBC
att_hd_goal:               GHd
exp_goals:                 xG
exp_goals_no_penalty:      NPxG
total_att_assist:          KP
big_chance_created:        BCC
goal_assist:               A
exp_assists:               xA
fpl_clean_sheets:          CS
goals_conceded:            GC
total_clearance:           Clr
outfielder_block:          Blk
interception:              Int
total_tackle:              Tcl
yellow_card:               YC
saves:                     Sv
bps:                       BPS
bonus_points:              B
expGA:                     xG+xA
exp_goals_involvement:     xGI
playerId:                  Id
gw:                        Gw
venue:                     Venue
game_started:              Start
